Css Animation:

Animation 

With the CSS transform property you can use the following 2D transformation 
methods:

translate():Moves an element from its current position to another one. (according to the parameters given for the X-axis and the Y-axis).

rotate()-rotates an element clockwise or counter-clockwise according to a given degree.values in deg.
scaleX()-increases or decreases the width of the given element.
scaleY()-increases or decreases the height of the given element.
scale()-increases or decreases the size of an element according to the parameters given for the width and height
 like transform:scale(2,3) increases the size of the element. 
skewX()The skewX() method skews an element along the X-axis by the given angle.
skewY()-The skewY() method skews an element along the Y-axis by the given angle.
skew()-skews an element along the X and Y-axis by the given angles.
matrix()-The matrix() method take six parameters, containing mathematic functions, which allows you to rotate, scale, move (translate), and skew elements.

Above mentioned methods can be used as the value of transform property.

Css 3D Transform:
Css transform 3D property can be used using methodZ()(like rotateZ()),

3D transform properties:
The transform-origin property allows you to change the position of
transformed elements. 
2D transformations can change the x- and y-axis of an element. 3D transformations 
can also change the z-axis of an element.
transform-origin property values:
z-axis:length
x-axis:%,length, left,right,center,bottom.

Transition Property: 



CSS Animations is a technique to change the appearance 
and behavior of various elements in web pages.
 It is used to control the elements by changing their 
motions or display. It has two parts, one which contains
 the CSS properties which describes the animation of the
 elements and the other contains certain keyframes which
 indicate the animation properties of the element and the
 specific time intervals at which those have to occur.

animation-duration: It is used to specify the time duration to takes animation to complete one cycle.
animation-name: It is used to specify the name of the @keyframes describing the animation.
animation-timing-function: Specifies how the animation makes transitions through keyframes. It can have the following values:
ease: The animation starts slowly, then fast, and then finally ends slowly (this is default)
linear: The animation plays with the same speed from start to end
ease-in: The animation plays with a slow start
ease-out: The animation plays with a slow end
ease-in-out: The animation starts and ends slowly.
animation-direction:property sets whether an animation should play forward, backward, or alternate back and forth between playing the sequence forward and backward.
values:normal,reverse,alternate-reverse,alternate.

animation-delay: It is used to specify the delay when animation start.

The @keyframes rule: Keyframes are the foundations with 
the help of which CSS Animations works. 
They define the display of the animation at the 
respective stages of its whole duration. 
For example: In the following code, the paragraph 
changes its color with time. At 0% completion it is red,
 at 50% completion it is of orange color and at full 
completion i.e. at 100% it is brown.



