Shortcuts:
TO insert hyperlink-Ctrl+K.
Add a new slide-Ctrl+M.
Re-arrange all the slides just drag and drop.
open the font dialog box to change the font size-Ctrl+Shift+F.
Increase the font size-Ctrl+Shift+Right Angle Bracket
Decrease the font size-Ctrl+Shift+left Angle Bracket.
To start slide show from begining-F5.
To play the slide show->Alt+p
To pause the slide show->Alt+p
To pause the slide show->Alt+q
To go forward during slide show->Alt+shift+right arrow.
To use pointer(marker)during slide show-Ctrl+p.
To erase all the marker use E.
For highlighter-Ctrl+I.
For laser pointer-Ctrl+L.
To duplicate a shape-press Ctrl+d.
use ctrl+shift
To rotate shape 15 degree each while rotating -press shift then rotate.


CLipboard- Clipboard is a temporary data storage.It is useful to cut or copy data from one part of the document to another part or from one document to another document.

one can copy upto 24 things by the help of clipboard at a time.

For using window Go to View Tab-First click on Arrange all.
Cascade-will arrange all the window one after another.

Print powerpoint:

To Print Selected Slides-print-settings-Print Selection.
To Print some slides-settings-custom range.
To define the no of slides you want on one page-settings-full page slides-handnotes-no of slides.
To print slides with notes-Notes pages.
To print only the text-outline.
Gif-graphic interchange Format.
powrpoint show-non editable presentation format.

To convert the presentation into video- file-save as-windows media video.

Mouse over- if one just move the mouse the action will be performed.

To perfom an action on mouse over on action button-insert-go to shape-action button(insert tab).
Then a dialog box window will appear.
Go to mouse over.
we can use mouse click, over option for file,video,image,url. 

To Compare : Review-Compare.

For change the shape of smart art cell->design-change shape.

Slide show->

To change the height and width of table in proportion-layout-Lock aspect ratio.

To change the border color-pen color-draw table.
split-divide the cell into 2 or more column.
To split cell-layout-split.

To distribute equal space for columns and rows-layout-distribute columns and rows.

TO insert hyperlink into image-select image-insert-hyperlink-dialog box.

To edit hyperlink-right click on text-edit hyperlink-dialog box.

Screentip is like tooltip.

To hyperlink in the same document-insert-hyperlink-dialog box-Place in the document.

To add header and Footer and date-insert-Header and footer.
 
to add screenshot in word, excel,powerpoint without using snipping tool-goto insert-screeshot-screen cliping-take a screenshot.

To use a shape many times use lockdown Mode-To do that go to insert tab then shapes-then right click on any shape.

How To Create moving Background:


Four important things to make a nice presentation:
Font
Color Palattes 
Structure
Images
Tips:Icons color should be same no matter how many colors you are using
To use the eyedropper outside the powerpoint press the left key of mouse and drag the eyedropper.

To edit video right click on video then  click on trim
Useful websites:
https://www.fontsquirrel.com









