Case Study:
An event planning team of five is tasked with planning a
corporate retreat for a business with 85 employees. This 
retreat involves hundreds of to-dos, a large budget, 
client-initiated changes, and important discussions with
the client. The project manager knows there is a lot to 
do, and they are ready to lead the way.

Right from the beginning of the project, the project 
manager creates a spreadsheet to track what needs to get
done in the project, and what teammates are working on. 
They also send status update emails twice per week to the
stakeholders.

The project has a $100,000 budget. There are many items 
to purchase and rent, including venue space, retreat 
materials, food, chairs, and tables. The project manager
allows each one of their teammates up to $3,000 in expenses,
with anything over requiring an approval. 

Shortly after the project begins, the client decides they
want to slightly change the theme of the project to focus
on the future instead of the past. The project manager 
has to work with several team members to implement the 
changes which include graphic design, retreat materials,
and signage.

Throughout the process of changing the theme of the retreat,
the project manager works closely with the client by 
phone, email, chat, and video to ensure that the theme updates
meet their expectations.

There is an award-ceremony dinner at the end of the 
retreat. The deadline to finish scheduling the dinner is
in two days. Several crucial decisions need to be made: 
the menu, lighting, and presentation music. To make sure
the deadline is met, the project manager has a video meeting
with the client to ensure the dinner choices meet their 
expectations.

How did the project manager enable decision-making in the project?
Ans:dealing with project expenses, you may want to consider how the project manager enables their team. 

For instance, by giving each teammate a $3,000 purchasing
limit, the project manager enables teammates to make 
decisions on what to buy for the retreat. If they didn’t
give the team this option, then the project manager would
have to make all the final purchasing decisions 
themselves.

How did the project manager communicate and escalate in the project?
Ans:the final dinner scheduling, you may want to consider how the project manager dealt with that deadline. 


How did the project manager remain flexible in the project?
When the deadline for the celebration dinner was approaching, the project manager scheduled a meeting with the client to escalate and communicate the decisions that needed to be made. If the project manager didn’t escalate these decisions, it may have gone past the deadline to order food and materials for the dinner.
client change requests in your write-up, you may want to consider how the project manager addressed client expectations. 

How did the project manager use strong organizational skills in the project? 
When the client requested to change the theme of the retreat, the project manager had to stay flexible. They worked with teammates to get the necessary changes in place quickly.

how the project manager used tools to stay organized, consider the following: The project manager created a spreadsheet to track and organize the tasks for the project. 

They also used the tracker to assign tasks to specific team members. Sending status updates twice per week was also a way the project manager stayed organized. The status updates could also be viewed as a communication skill as well.