How Can You Start Blogging?
#Identify your Blogging Interest.
Can I Write about my topic without getting bored?
Do I Have enough passion about my topic?
where i want to see 5years down the line?
Will my blogs tone be powerful eniugh to captivate my audience?
Is there any audience for my topic?
Can I write for 6 months without worrying about income from my blog?
Am I ready to learn to too many new things? 

# Find a Domain Name for Your Blog
Domain Provider:
Big Rock.
Domain Name selection:
Keep short Name.
Always prefer Dot Com(because it will give you a international Identity).
Never buy domain with digit Numbers.
Try to avoid adjanctely Double Triple letters(like Besttricks,com Badassstore.com).
Find a domain related to your industry only.
Find a Good Hosting for Your Blog.
Hoting Company:
#Go for Hosting:
A2 Hosting.
Hosting Characteristics:
1.Space:(unlimited)
2.Unlimited Domain Names.
3.Support System(24*7 support).
4.Bandwidh.(decides The amount of traffic.So always go for Unlimited Bandwidth).
5.Easiness to Manage:Cpanel.

#Blogging Content Management System.

Why Wordpress?
*This is the most used CMS in the world for blogging.
*This is an open-source platform where you can develop anything you want.
*You can install the new design with just a single click.
*The management of this platform is very easy.
*Many hosting providers give one-click installation of WordPress from the admin dashboard.
*This gives you the freedom to enhance easily with the help of plugins.
*In the case of any issue, you can get help from thousands of WordPress user in the community.
#Grab All Social Media Identities.

#Find a Perfect Theme For Your Blog.
For Wordpress Theme:
Genesis.
MyThemeShop.
Themeforest

Few Things To Keep In Mind Before Buying Wordpress Theme:

1.Make sure that you are buying unlimited sites license.
2.The theme must be easy to manage.
3.The theme must have compatible with the latest version of WordPress.
4.The theme must be responsive (capable of changing the layout on a mobile device).
5.Theme must suit your blog's category.

#Start Writting:
With time you Will get ideas what to write. 
For Writting Error Free content easily use prowrittingAid.




Adriennesmith.net








   