The action attribute indicates where form data should be
 sent. For example, <form action="/submit-url"></form> 
tells the browser that the form data should be sent to 
the path /submit-url

In order for a form's data to be accessed by the location
 specified in the action attribute, you must give the 
text field a name attribute and assign it a value to 
represent the data being submitted. For example, you 
could use the following syntax for an email address text
field: <input type="text" name="email">.

To prevent a user from submitting your form when required
information is missing, you need to add the required 
attribute to an input element. There's no need to set a 
value to the required attribute. Instead, just add the 
word required to the input element, making sure there is
space between it and other attributes.

Add a button element with the text Submit below the input
element. The default behavior of clicking a form button 
without any attributes submits the form to the location 
specified in the form's action attribute.

Notice that both radio buttons can be selected at the 
same time. To make it so selecting one radio button 
automatically deselects the other, both buttons must have
a name attribute with the same value.

There's another way to associate an input element's text
 with the element itself. You can nest the text within a
 label element and add a for attribute with the same 
value as the input element's id attribute.

In order to make a checkbox checked or radio button 
selected by default, you need to add the checked 
attribute to it. There's no need to set a value to the 
checked attribute. Instead, just add the word checked to
the input element, making sure there is space between it
and other attributes.
Like radio buttons, form data for selected checkboxes are
 name / value attribute pairs. While the value attribute
 is optional, it's best practice to include it with any 
checkboxes or radio buttons on the page.

utf-8 is a universal character set that includes almost every character from all human languages.

