English Word Meaning-

Candid-telling the truth even it is something unpleasent or embarrasing.
Candor(Noun).
out of wedlock-without wedding-vivaha bahirbuto

undertaking- is an piece of job, piece of work or activity that you are responsible for.

An account is a written or spoken description that says what happens in an event or process.

vote of confidence-This is something we say when you do or say something that shows you support someone and apporve of their actions.

to say  you are unbelievable means emphasizing negative expression.

quite is the synonym of very.

lives and breaths-something extremly important.
he lives and breathes music.

Beyond that is used to add another comment.

Paramount means more important than anything else.

bring out-make someone or something in a certain way.

name of the game is particular job or activity you need to do 
if you want to be successful at a particular activity or business.

swindle ia the activity that a con artist does to make his money.

Thrilled-very excited and pleased.
I'm thrilled to be invited to your stag do!(bachelor party in uk).
I'm thrilled to be invited to your hens do!

GO RIGHT AHEAD-EGIYE JAO.
It's about time-aro age hoya uchit chilo.
Have another one-arekta nin.(khabar sadhar khetre).
how are you doing?-
scar-dag.
somber-dark or dull in color or tone;gloomy.
waylay-stop or interrupt (someone) and detain them in task or trouble them in some other way.

tuesday-chosseday.
wednesday-wenzday.
court out
hit the gym-going to the gym/doing exercise. 


shrink-সংকোচিত।
be(is/are) teething-দাঁত উঠছে।

button came off-বাটন ছিঁড়ে যাওয়া।
Doctrine-মতব
privy-sharing the knowledge of.
inevitably(inˈevidəblē)-অনিবার্য।
dearth-খরা।
prolixity-দীর্ঘায়ু।
Millennia-সহস্রাব্দ।
artifact-নিদর্শন।
beacon-
a fire or light set up in a high or prominent position as a warning, signal, or celebration.
a chain of beacons carried the news

developed cold feet-have cold feet” is to be too fearful-to lose nerve or confidence to undertake or complete an action.bhoy paoa
abyss-পাতাল 
arbitrary-ইচ্ছামত অবাধ, বিধিবহির্ভূত, স্বৈর, ইচ্ছামত, খামখেয়ালী, স্বেচ্ছাবারী
granular-danadar
more of the same-nothing has changed
run into someone-meet someone by chance
thematic-a particular subject. Bisoybitik
impeccable-(of behavior, performance, or appearance) in accordance 
with the highest standards of propriety; faultless.


demeanor-hab-bhav
escalating-ক্রমবর্ধমান
ambiguity-osposhtota
elicit-প্রকাশ করা
poise-ভদ্রতা
disenfranchised-ভোতাধিকারমুক্ত। 


Orange-#f26a02





 