We've discussed that as designers, we provide the best user experience when we acknowledge that users use interfaces to accomplish tasks. The first step of the design process is to understand how users are completing the task now.
Play video starting at ::34 and follow transcript0:34
However, we might find ourselves in the following situation.
Play video starting at ::38 and follow transcript0:38
Your new client would like to venture into a new area, health and wellness. Specifically, they want a recommender system to encourage healthy eating choices.
Play video starting at ::50 and follow transcript0:50
The client would like for you to build a ubiquitous computing system. [SOUND] You tell them that you can't just start brainstorming. You need to follow the user design cycle.
Play video starting at :1:7 and follow transcript1:07
The goal of requirement gathering is to understand the problem space.
Play video starting at :1:12 and follow transcript1:12
We understand the problem space by learning who the users are,
Play video starting at :1:18 and follow transcript1:18
when, where, why, and how they currently accomplish the task in question.
Play video starting at :1:24 and follow transcript1:24
What users perceive are problems with their current practices. And user's wish list for improving how they currently accomplish their task.
Play video starting at :1:33 and follow transcript1:33
The main pitfall of requirement gathering is that designers start designing alternatives when they do not completely understand the task, the user, or how the user currently accomplishes a task. In other words, they get ahead of themselves. They start designing without user data.
Play video starting at :1:52 and follow transcript1:52
I have told you that one of the mantras for this class is that design is a systematic and data driven process. As you know my preference for the word data comes from my background in social science. We can just as easily say that design should be evidence based.
Play video starting at :2:9 and follow transcript2:09
Designers have techniques that allow us to discover what the user is doing now and we have other techniques that allow us to present and summarize our results.
Play video starting at :2:21 and follow transcript2:21
In this module we will review four discovery techniques. Naturalistic observation, survey, focus group and interview.
Play video starting at :2:32 and follow transcript2:32
We also have techniques for representing what we discover about the user. This include user characteristics tables and personas.
Play video starting at :2:42 and follow transcript2:42
There are also techniques to represent findings about the tasks. These include scenarios, essential use case scenarios, hierarchical task analysis and current UI critique.
Play video starting at :2:56 and follow transcript2:56
Based on the requirements gathering data we will also be able to develop usability principles that will help us evaluate our novel interface.
Play video starting at :3:7 and follow transcript3:07
Data from the requirements gathering phase also allows designers to drive novel interface characteristics. This is done via deduction.
Play video starting at :3:18 and follow transcript3:18
In this lesson, we reviewed requirement gathering techniques. I look forward to seeing you in our next lesson where we will go over each technique in detail.